Remove orderImport config option (#1014)
seek-oss/sku: .changeset/happy-phones-watch.md

---
'sku': major
---

Remove support for `orderImports` config option

**BREAKING CHANGE:**

`orderImports` is now always enabled and has been removed from the configuration options.

**MIGRATION GUIDE**

> To reduce the number of changes when migrating to `sku` v13 you may choose to enable `orderImports` and run `sku format` before upgrading.

Remove `orderImports` from `sku.config.ts`:

```diff
// sku.config.ts

import { type SkuConfig } from 'sku';

export default {
- orderImports: false,
- orderImports: true,
} satisfies SkuConfig;
```

Then run `sku format`.

> **Note:** Changing import order can affect the behaviour of your application. After running sku format, please ensure your app still works and looks as expected. Additionally, `@ts-ignore` comments above imports will **not** be moved as part of the autofix. These comments will need be moved manually.

Reviewer: Missed one.

```suggestion
**Note:** Changing import order can affect the behaviour of your application. After running `sku format`, please ensure your app still works and looks as expected. Additionally, `@ts-ignore` comments above imports will **not** be moved as part of the autofix. These comments will need be moved manually.
```

---
'sku': major
---

> Remove support for `orderImports` config option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove support for `orderImports` config option
```

**BREAKING CHANGE:**

`orderImports` is now always enabled and has been removed from the configuration options.

**MIGRATION GUIDE**

> > To reduce the number of changes when migrating to sku 13 you may choose to enable `orderImports` and run sku format before upgrading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To reduce the number of changes when migrating to `sku` v13 you may choose to enable `orderImports` and run `sku format` before upgrading.
```

> Remove `orderImports` from `sku.config.ts`
> ```diff
> // sku.config.ts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove `orderImports` from `sku.config.ts`:

```diff
// sku.config.ts
```

import { type SkuConfig } from 'sku';

export default {
- orderImports: false,
- orderImports: true,
} satisfies SkuConfig;
```

> Then run `sku format`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then run `sku format`.
```

> **Note:**
> 
> Changing import order can affect the behaviour of your application. After running sku format, please ensure your app still works and looks as expected.
> 
> Any existing comments (e.g. `@ts-ignore`) above imports will **not** be moved as part of the autofix. If your app has `@ts-ignore` comments above import statements then these will need be moved manually.

Reviewer: I think the ordering of sentences here could be clearer, and it could be a bit more concise.

```suggestion
**Note:** Changing import order can affect the behaviour of your application. After running sku format, please ensure your app still works and looks as expected. Additionally, `@ts-ignore` comments above imports will **not** be moved as part of the autofix. These comments will need be moved manually.
```
